README.md, before:

## Python version of Sarah Gille's SIO221A notes by: 
### Bia Villas Bôas (avillasboas@ucsd.edu) & Gui Castelão (castelao@ucsd.edu) 


To view an interactive version of the lecture notes, click on the binder icon below (no Python installation required). The icon below will launch a Binder for this repository with all required dependencies (note that it might take a few minutes to build). The lecture notes will be in `notebooks/lectures`. Be aware that changes that you make in the notebook on the Binder server **will not be saved**.

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/biavillasboas/SIO221A/master)

If you plan to do your assigments in Python and/or keep a local copy of this repository, please follow the instructions below (if you haven't done this already in the past).

**Novice:**

1. Install Anaconda following [these instructions](https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python) according to your operational system. 


**If you are confortable using the terminal and are interested in using Git:**

1. You can either install Anaconda (recommended) as explained above or if you would like to have more control over which packsges are installed, you could alternativelly install Python using [Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)

2. Install Git following [these instructions](https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#git) according to your operational system.

Commit message:

instructions for setting up conda env (#4)
* adding setup notebook

* instructions for conda environment

* changing location of setup notebook

Co-authored-by: Gui <guilherme@castelao.net>

README.md, after:

## Python version of Sarah Gille's SIO221A notes by: 
### Bia Villas Bôas (avillasboas@ucsd.edu) & Gui Castelão (castelao@ucsd.edu) 


To view an interactive version of the lecture notes, click on the binder icon below (no Python installation required). The icon below will launch a Binder for this repository with all required dependencies (note that it might take a few minutes to build). The lecture notes will be in `notebooks/lectures`. Be aware that changes that you make in the notebook on the Binder server **will not be saved**.

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/biavillasboas/SIO221A/master)

If you plan to do your assigments in Python and/or keep a local copy of this repository, please follow the instructions below (if you haven't done this already in the past).

**Novice:**

- Install Anaconda following [these instructions](https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#python) according to your operational system. 


**If you are confortable using the terminal and are interested in using Git:**

- You can either install Anaconda (recommended) as explained above or if you would like to have more control over which packages are installed, you could alternativelly install Python using [Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)

- Install Git following [these instructions](https://carpentries.github.io/workshop-template/#git) according to your operational system.

All the notebooks in this repository were developed and tested for the packages and versions specified in the `environment.yml` file. To make sure that you are able to run the notebooks locally, we recomend that you create a [Conda environment](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/concepts/environments.html) using the `environment.yml`. Instructions for how to do this are available
